Chore: Facebook hanover protocol update (#265)
chatwoot/docs: docs/product/channels/facebook.md

**Step 3**. Then authorize app to your facebook page by clicking on continue button.

![continue_with_fb](./images/facebook/continue_with_fb.png)

### FAQ:

> 1. I am not able to see messages received in facebook messenger in the connected chatwoot inbox:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. I am not able to see messages received in Facebook messenger in the connected Chatwoot inbox:
```

> Ans: Please make sure your facebook page is connected only to the chatwoot app, as according to facebook's new app development, all the apps need to build handover protocol. https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/handover-protocol
> We are working on the workaround for the same which would be available in the recent release.
> For more information please follow this issue for the update: https://github.com/chatwoot/chatwoot/issues/4489

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ans: Please make sure your Facebook page is connected only to the Chatwoot app, as according to Facebook's new app development, all the apps need to build a handover protocol. https://developers.facebook.com/docs/messenger-platform/handover-protocol

We are working on the workaround for the same which would be available in the upcoming releases.
For more information please follow this issue for the update: https://github.com/chatwoot/chatwoot/issues/4489
```
